Document update for new allow_email_update_only_from_manage config (#2545)
chef/chef-server: docs-chef-io/content/server/v14/config_rb_server_optional_settings.md

    **New in Chef Infra Server 14.1**

`opscode_erchef["allow_email_update_only_from_manage"]`

> :   Allow preventing user's from changing their e-mail with new allow_email_update_only_from_manage config.

Reviewer: When set to true will allow users to update their email only from the manage console. When set to false users can change email from manage console as well as knife. (or something to this effect)

> :   When set to true will allow users to update their email only from the manage console.
>     When set to false users can change email from the Manage UI as well as knife.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:   When set to `true`, users can only update their email from the Chef management console.
    When set to `false`, users can update their email using knife and the Chef management console.
```

>     When set to false users can change email from manage console as well as knife.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    When set to false users can change email from the Manage UI as well as knife.
```
